Abstract 1/2

General problem 1
 -  experimentation through library
 -  special purpose features for special applications (why are we doing this) 
    how we can support special needs for special facilities

Language features 3 (a tutorial on what we can do with our syntax)

Performance 2
    Numbers for generic case

Implementation 2
    Why vtbl approach is valid
    Discussion of cashing behavior

Performance Improvements 2
    either becoming a compiler or letting user distinguish cases

Conclusion 1

Has to be ideas paper, not implementation paper


Motivational/Attitude

Before joining PhD program I was working in the industry as a software developer for 5 years. I realized that I enjoy research work much more than work in production environment, which is why I am pursuing my PhD degree now.  I've been offered to join Microsoft after 2 internships I did with them, however I insisted I wanted to get my PhD first.

College Transition/Time Management

My biggest problem with time management is that I'm a night person and work much more productively later in the day. This often conflicts with activities others are organizing, making me less efficient by not dedicating enough time to work. I am working on changing my habits to become a morning person and work as effectively in the morning as I currently do in the second half of the day.

Study Skills

I manage all my work in Microsoft Outlook, where I can keep track of papers I have to read, current ideas i keep in mind, events and meetings scheduling, tasks and contacts managements etc. Unfortunately even with all the technical support I cannot always give the right priorities to tasks, in particular I should have been dedicating more time to reading papers and less to implementing my ideas in code.

Directions/Goal Setting

I'm not planning to change majors as I'm already very efficient in what I do and I like what I do. I also have several published results, the only issues that still keeps me from graduating is that results are not directly related so I cannot put a common theme under them for dissertation. This is why I'm working on more publications  to bring this common theme.

Personal Issues

The only issue I can see in my situation that delayed my graduation is that I spent my first year in a different group, and then spend another year looking for a group and research advisor who's working on problems that are of interest to me.
